a detained iranian-american academic accused of acting against national security has been released from a tehran prison after a hefty bail was posted , a top judiciary official said tuesday .
ministers from the european union and its mediterranean neighbours gathered here under heavy security on monday for an unprecedented conference on economic and political cooperation .
the death toll from a school collapse in a haitian shanty-town rose to # # after rescue workers uncovered a classroom with # # dead students and their teacher , officials said saturday .
australian foreign minister stephen smith sunday congratulated new zealand 's new prime minister-elect john key as he praised ousted leader helen clark as a `` gutsy '' and respected politician .
two drunken south african fans hurled racist abuse at the country 's rugby sevens coach after the team were eliminated from the weekend 's hong kong tournament , reports said tuesday .
christian conservatives -- kingmakers in the last two us presidential elections -- may have less success in getting their pick elected in # # # # , political observers say .
the white house on thursday warned iran of possible new sanctions after the un nuclear watchdog reported that tehran had begun sensitive nuclear work at a key site in defiance of un resolutions .
thousands of kashmiris chanting pro-pakistan slogans on sunday attended a rally to welcome back a hardline separatist leader who underwent cancer treatment in mumbai .
an explosion in iraq 's restive northeastern province of diyala killed two us soldiers and wounded two more , the military reported monday .
russian world no. # nikolay davydenko became the fifth withdrawal through injury or illness at the sydney international wednesday , retiring from his second round match with a foot injury .
russia 's gas and oil giant gazprom and us oil major chevron have set up a joint venture based in resource-rich northwestern siberia , the interfax news agency reported thursday quoting gazprom officials .
